# CS_360_MobileArchitect-Programming


I was tasked with designing and developing an app through Android Studio, that the user could log in using credentials that they made (sign up/create account) and log their days and weight that to track weight information about themselves. Its goals were to allow users to easily log and keep track of their weights so that they can make sure they are on track to get healthier, reach goals, and be accountable for their progress. The necessary parts of the app UI wise were buttons and logos with text that explained what things were. You can have a bunch of buttons and images in an app, but if the user doesn't know what they are, then it's a good chance they won't try to use them. So by making sure my UI had good, yet short, descriptions for each function of the app, users could navigate and use it with ease. 

The coding part of my application was approached by firstly blocking out what functionality I needed, and then how each function connected to the other. Once I had everything laid out, I proceeded to use best practices to make sure my code was easy to look back on, read, and explain in short what each section does. There may be some parts that I forgot to comment on, but I did my best to make sure everything of major importance was able to be read by any programmer. As for the actual coding process, a lot of it was trial and error, trying different things till something decided to click, like with user data being specific to each login. I made sure to test frequently to keep up with the functionality of the code and make sure everything ran as intended. 

From beginning to finish, I'd say my entire app looked different throughout the entire process. Every step of the way to completion led me to want to change something about the UI, whether it be button placement, text font/size, background color, etc. I was pretty much always changing it, trying to make sure everything was visually appealing while still maintaining functionality. I'm most proud of my login page, as I'd probably spent the most time designing that page. It properly holds information about users, tells them if information is incorrect, or if a username has already been taken. It also has a really good button layout, with some nice color grades to draw attention and keep it light-hearted. 
